Fix databaseContent bug (#1025)
paritytech/substrate-connect: projects/extension/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Fix a bug that was not saving the databaseContent of each chain in the extension's localStorage upon first initialization of the extension. ([#1025](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1025))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug that was not saving the database content of each chain in the extension's localStorage upon first initialization of the extension. ([#1025](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1025))
```
